wwwroot\contact.php
wwwroot\css\animate.css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap.css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap.min.css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap-grid.css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap-grid.min.css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap-reboot.css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap-reboot.min.css
wwwroot\css\bootstrap-select.css
wwwroot\css\colors_landing_page.css
wwwroot\css\colors1.css
wwwroot\css\colors1_dark.css
wwwroot\css\colors2.css
wwwroot\css\colors3.css
wwwroot\css\custom.css
wwwroot\css\dark_layout.css
wwwroot\css\font-awesome.css
wwwroot\css\font-awesome.min.css
wwwroot\css\hizoom.css
wwwroot\css\owl.carousel.css
wwwroot\css\owl.carousel.min.css
wwwroot\css\owl.theme.default.css
wwwroot\css\responsive.css
wwwroot\css\style.css
wwwroot\css\Style_admin.css
wwwroot\fonts\FontAwesome.otf
wwwroot\fonts\fontawesome-webfont.eot
wwwroot\fonts\fontawesome-webfont.svg
wwwroot\fonts\fontawesome-webfont.ttf
wwwroot\fonts\fontawesome-webfont.woff
wwwroot\fonts\fontawesome-webfont.woff2
wwwroot\images\fevicon\fevicon.png
wwwroot\images\gradian_black.png
wwwroot\images\gradian_blue.png
wwwroot\images\it_service\1.jpg
wwwroot\images\it_service\2.jpg
wwwroot\images\it_service\22.jpg
wwwroot\images\it_service\3.jpg
wwwroot\images\it_service\4.jpg
wwwroot\images\it_service\404_error_img.png
wwwroot\images\it_service\5.jpg
wwwroot\images\it_service\6.jpg
wwwroot\images\it_service\7.jpg
wwwroot\images\it_service\8.jpg
wwwroot\images\it_service\accepted.png
wwwroot\images\it_service\brand_icon1.png
wwwroot\images\it_service\brand_icon2.png
wwwroot\images\it_service\brand_icon3.png
wwwroot\images\it_service\brand_icon4.png
wwwroot\images\it_service\brand_icon5.png
wwwroot\images\it_service\client1.jpg
wwwroot\images\it_service\client1.png
wwwroot\images\it_service\client2.jpg
wwwroot\images\it_service\client2.png
wwwroot\images\it_service\client3.jpg
wwwroot\images\it_service\client3.png
wwwroot\images\it_service\dark_bg_img.png
wwwroot\images\it_service\dark_bg_img2.png
wwwroot\images\it_service\home_01.png
wwwroot\images\it_service\i1.png
wwwroot\images\it_service\i2.png
wwwroot\images\it_service\i3.png
wwwroot\images\it_service\i4.png
wwwroot\images\it_service\inner_page_banner.jpg
wwwroot\images\it_service\location_icon_map_cont.png
wwwroot\images\it_service\phone_icon.png
wwwroot\images\it_service\post-01.jpg
wwwroot\images\it_service\post-02.jpg
wwwroot\images\it_service\post-03.jpg
wwwroot\images\it_service\post-04.jpg
wwwroot\images\it_service\post-05.jpg
wwwroot\images\it_service\post-06.jpg
wwwroot\images\it_service\post-07.jpg
wwwroot\images\it_service\post-08.jpg
wwwroot\images\it_service\si1.png
wwwroot\images\it_service\si2.png
wwwroot\images\it_service\si3.png
wwwroot\images\it_service\si4.png
wwwroot\images\it_service\si5.png
wwwroot\images\it_service\si6.png
wwwroot\images\it_service\slide1.jpg
wwwroot\images\it_service\slide2.jpg
wwwroot\images\it_service\slide3.jpg
wwwroot\images\it_service\team-member-1.jpg
wwwroot\images\it_service\team-member-2.jpg
wwwroot\images\it_service\team-member-3.jpg
wwwroot\images\it_service\test_bg.png
wwwroot\images\loaders\loader_1.png
wwwroot\images\logos\logo_gigashop.png
wwwroot\images\Products\01ASUS ROG Gladius III Wireless.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\02ASUS TUF Gaming H3.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\03ASUS ROG Claymore II.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\04ASUS ROG Sheath Bàn di chuột cỡ lớn.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\05ASUS ROG Chakram.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\06ASUS TUF Gaming Backpack.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\07ASUS ROG Cetra II Core Tai nghe in-ear gaming.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\08ASUS ROG Strix Impact II.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\09ASUS ROG Balteus.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\10ASUS ROG Eye S Webcam streaming chất lượng cao.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\11ASUS ROG Delta S.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\12ASUS TUF Gaming K7.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\13ASUS ROG Pugio II.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\14ASUS ROG Scabbard II.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\15ASUS ROG Ranger BP3703.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\16ASUS ROG Throne Qi.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\17ASUS ROG Swift PG32UQX Stand.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\18ASUS ROG Cetra True Wireless.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\19ASUS TUF Gaming Capture Box.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\20ASUS ROG Kunai 3 Gamepad.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\21ASUS ExpertCenter D7 Mini Tower PC cao cấp cho doanh nghiệp.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\22ASUS ProArt Station PD5 PC dành cho thiết kế đồ họa.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\23ASUS ROG Strix GA35.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\24ASUS ExpertCenter D5.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\25ASUS Mini PC PN50.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\26ASUS ROG Strix GA15.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\27ASUS VivoMini VC66-C2.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\28ASUS Pro E500 G6.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\29ASUS Chromebox 4.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\30ASUS ROG Swift ProArt.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\31ASUS ROG Strix GA30.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\32ASUS ProArt Mini PC.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\33ASUS Tinker Board S.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\34ASUS ROG G21CN.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\35ASUS VivoPC K31 PC.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\36ASUS ROG Strix GA16.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\37ASUS Mini PC PB60.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\38ASUS ROG GR8 II PC.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\39ASUS ExpertCenter E5.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\40ASUS VivoPC VM42.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\41ASUS ROG Strix G15.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\42ASUS ZenBook 14 OLED.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\43ASUS TUF Dash F15.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\44ASUS VivoBook 15.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\45ASUS ROG Zephyrus G14.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\46ASUS ZenBook Flip 13.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\47ASUS Chromebook C423.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\48ASUS VivoBook S14.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\49ASUS ExpertBook B9.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\50ASUS ROG Flow X13.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\51ASUS TUF Gaming F17.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\52ASUS VivoBook Pro 16X.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\53ASUS ZenBook Duo 14.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\54ASUS ROG Strix SCAR 15.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\55ASUS VivoBook Go 14.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\56ASUS ZenBook Pro 15.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\57ASUS TUF Gaming A15.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\58ASUS Chromebook Flip CX5.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\59ASUS ROG Zephyrus Duo 15.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\60ASUS ExpertBook P2.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\61ASUS ROG Strix Z690-E Gaming WiFi.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\62ASUS Dual GeForce RTX 3060.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\63ASUS Dual GeForce RTX 3060.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\64ASUS ROG Strix RTX 3080 Ti.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\65ASUS ROG Thor 850W.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\66ASUS ROG Ryujin II 360 Tản nhiệt nước AIO.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\67ASUS Hyper M.2 x16 Card V2.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\68ASUS ROG Crosshair VIII Hero.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\69ASUS TUF Gaming GeForce GTX 1660 Super.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\70ASUS ROG Strix Arion.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\71ASUS PCE-AC58BT.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\72ASUS DRW-24D5MT.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\73ASUS Turbo GeForce RTX 3070.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\74ASUS ROG Strix Z790-F Gaming WiFi.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\75ASUS ROG Swift PG259QNR.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\76ASUS TUF Gaming 750W.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\77ASUS ROG Strix RTX 4090.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\78ASUS Xonar AE.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\79ASUS TUF Gaming Capture Box.jpg
wwwroot\images\Products\80ASUS ROG Balteus.jpg
wwwroot\js\bootstrap.min.js
wwwroot\js\custom.js
wwwroot\js\hizoom.js
wwwroot\js\jquery.min.js
wwwroot\js\menumaker.js
wwwroot\js\wow.js
wwwroot\revolution\assets\coloredbg.png
wwwroot\revolution\assets\gridtile.png
wwwroot\revolution\assets\gridtile_3x3.png
wwwroot\revolution\assets\gridtile_3x3_white.png
wwwroot\revolution\assets\gridtile_white.png
wwwroot\revolution\assets\loader.gif
wwwroot\revolution\css\closedhand.cur
wwwroot\revolution\css\layers.css
wwwroot\revolution\css\navigation.css
wwwroot\revolution\css\openhand.cur
wwwroot\revolution\css\settings.css
wwwroot\revolution\fonts\revicons\revicons.eot
wwwroot\revolution\fonts\revicons\revicons.svg
wwwroot\revolution\fonts\revicons\revicons.ttf
wwwroot\revolution\fonts\revicons\revicons.woff
wwwroot\revolution\js\extensions\revolution.extension.actions.min.js
wwwroot\revolution\js\extensions\revolution.extension.carousel.min.js
wwwroot\revolution\js\extensions\revolution.extension.kenburn.min.js
wwwroot\revolution\js\extensions\revolution.extension.layeranimation.min.js
wwwroot\revolution\js\extensions\revolution.extension.migration.min.js
wwwroot\revolution\js\extensions\revolution.extension.navigation.min.js
wwwroot\revolution\js\extensions\revolution.extension.parallax.min.js
wwwroot\revolution\js\extensions\revolution.extension.slideanims.min.js
wwwroot\revolution\js\extensions\revolution.extension.video.min.js
wwwroot\revolution\js\jquery.themepunch.revolution.min.js
wwwroot\revolution\js\jquery.themepunch.tools.min.js
